[Docs] Adding PROMQL functions documentation (#151448)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/promql.md

## In this section

* [HTTP API](promql/promql-http-api.md): Prometheus-compatible `/_prometheus/` endpoints for queries and discovery.

> * [Functions](promql/functions.md): PromQL function reference grouped by category, with {{es}}-specific differences from Prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Functions](promql/functions.md): PromQL function reference organized by category, including {{es}}-specific differences from Prometheus.
```
